Added missing alt tags to images - SEO updates (#1567)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2019/convoy-software-engineers-and-data-scientists-work-better-together.md

---

<p style="text-align: center">

>   <img src="https://about.sourcegraph.com/case-studies/convoy2-sourcegraph-case-study-og-embed.jpg" alt="Convoy and sourcegraph second case study"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="https://about.sourcegraph.com/case-studies/convoy2-sourcegraph-case-study-og-embed.jpg" alt="Convoy adopts Sourcegraph to improve collaboration between data scientists and software engineers"/>
```
